hello and welcome to episode 14 of buy
cheap sell big and today we have a
fantastic Swedish CDM player that plays
in the Russian league for Sparta bhaskar
let's look at it starts yes 6678 shot 82
+ 74 dribbling 66 defense 70 heading
absolutely phenomenal starts for a
silver car 478 shot an 82 pace that is
absolutely fantastic so looking closer
it starts it's incredible really looking
at the skill sucks burst of the maghrib
is 86 Cove he has 83 long shots 83 long
passing 84 free-kick actress lee 85 shot
power all of these stats are good the
only read one of the skills is marking
which is 58 volley 76 moving on to
physical 76 strength which is decent as
well it's not the quickest player but
all the apart from that is absolutely
solid going on to mental stats yes 83
who vision which is fantastic again he's
30 years old I guess that is a very good
for career mode but for high ease 5 foot
11 which is quite tall and he's left
footed his attack workrate is high and
defensive workrate medium and he has
freestyle weak foot freestyle skill
booze it straight on the long passer and
long shot taken which doesn't surprise
me because this guy is an absolute beast
its lowest priced at the minute of the
market is 6300 coins but is average on
the xbox which console i play on is
about 7,000 and on the ps3 is 5000 BC
20,000 definitely recommend to get this
guy goes when people start to find out
about his stats ah this guy must figure
for about 20 to 30 k web
when he starts getting well known so
hope you've enjoyed this video goes this
guy's it up salute beast make sure you
vested I'm Suggs for watching